Hey Hacker, and welcome!
​iExec and 50Partners are joining forces to launch Hack4Privacy, a hackathon dedicated to building the next generation of Confidential DeFi and RWA applications using iExec’s privacy technology.

With iExec, you can add privacy to existing apps, or build new ones with privacy at the core, powered by Confidential Computing (TEE-based).

We know that using confidential computing can be quite complex, and that’s why we provide easy-to-use privacy tools for developers. These tools enable the building of applications with enhanced data privacy, management, and monetization features, all of this without needing to be experts in confidential computing 🤩.

With iExec’s Web3 privacy tools, builders can create privacy-preserving applications that keep control in the hands of users. Use cases are endless, with a strong focus on Confidential DeFi & RWA

iExec devtool

iApp generator
Quick start
iApp Generator is a standalone CLI tool that scaffolds, tests, and deploys SGX/TDX‑ready iExec applications capable of processing data in a confidential and private environment.

Workshops weeks
​Ideation Week – January 12–16, 2026
Replay - Ideation Session with Louis Bertucci (Institut Louis Bachelier) & Bastien Baude (Researcher) - 01/13/26 (Tuesday) - 6:00 PM GMT+1
Replay - How to Pitch a Project to a High-Profile Audience (50 Partners) - 01/14/26 (Thursday) 6:00 PM GMT+1
Replay - Builders Session & AMA with Adrien Faguet (ex-Ledger, Co-founder of Stake Lab & Junction) - 01/16/26 (Friday) - 6:00 PM GMT+1
​Tech Week – January 19–23, 2026
All workshops will take place on the iExec Discord, in the Hack4Privacy channel.

Workshop: Introduction to iExec Tech - 01/21/26 (5:00–5:45 PM GMT+1)
Live Coding Session: Build an iApp in 30 Minutes - 01/22/26 (5:00–5:45 PM GMT+1)
Office Hours AMA on the iExec Discord - 01/23/26 (4:00–5:45 PM GMT+1)
We’d be happy to welcome you at the iExec Lyon office for some hands-on building time.

The Challenge
Build the most innovative Confidential Defi / RWA App using iExec tech.

The Scope
To keep things fair for everyone, we’ll share the more precise topic and suggested use cases one week before the hackathon. This way, all developers start at the same time and arrive with fresh ideas. Thanks for your understanding — we can’t wait to see what you build!

Team Size & Collaboration Rules
Teams can include up to 5 participants. You may form a team in advance or join one at the start of the hackathon. If you’re looking for teammates, please use the dedicated Discord channel.

The Reward - Prize Details (6000$)
iApp generator use case  Prize 👉 $6000 USDC

🥇 1st Prize 👉 $3000 RLC

🥈 2nd Prize 👉 $2000 RLC

🥉 3rd Prize 👉 $700 RLC

🥇 The Hello World Track: win an iExec hoodie Limited Edition during a lucky draw

🤖 Bonus Prize 👉$300 RLC: Projects that leverage iExec bulk processing feature or/and integrate Account Abstraction may be eligible for an additional $300 prize.

Step-by-Step Guide to Building on iExec
🛠️ Here’s a document detailing the steps you need to follow to build a project with iExec technologies. Please read it carefully, from tool installation, to iExec application setup, to token claiming for for running a TEE task. Everything you need is available here.

Useful tutorials / Starters
In order to ease your onboarding and help you build an amazing project, we prepared some tutorials and starters.

Starters

NextJS, React, Vue.js starter

Tutorials

iExec explained

Integrating DataProtector with NextJS

Builder Ideas
To help spark your creativity, we've prepared a list of potential project ideas. Remember, these are just suggestions 😉 - feel free to think outside the box!

Confidential Real-World Assets (RWA)
Build a project exploring how confidential computing can unlock new possibilities for Real-World Assets (RWA) in Web3.

RWA applications often rely on highly sensitive off-chain information such as financial data, legal constraints, risk metrics, identities, or proprietary models that cannot be exposed publicly on-chain.

Using iExec confidential execution, builders can design applications where sensitive RWA-related logic or data is processed privately inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), while only verifiable outcomes are revealed on-chain. This enables RWA protocols to remain transparent and composable, without compromising confidentiality.

This track encourages builders to explore privacy across the entire RWA lifecycle, including (but not limited to):

confidential payout and yield distribution systems (e.g. dividends, rental income, or revenue sharing linked to real-world assets).
asset valuation, pricing, and analytics,
compliance, eligibility, and regulatory constraints
risk assessment and simulations,
matching, allocation, or settlement mechanisms,
Confidential DeFi Compute Engine for Advanced Financial Logic
Build an iExec Application (iApp) that runs complex DeFi computations inside a confidential TEE environment.

This iApp should enable advanced financial logic (far beyond basic arithmetic 😉)*such as derivatives pricing, structured products, portfolio risk engines etc.. to be executed privately, while still producing verifiable outputs usable on-chain or in a frontend.

Uniswap v4 Hooks with Confidential Compute
Build a project leveraging Uniswap v4 hooks (ex: Private hook) combined with confidential execution using iExec.

Uniswap v4 hooks allow developers to plug custom logic into key pool lifecycle moments (such as swaps, liquidity changes, or pool initialization). When combined with confidential compute, these hooks unlock new possibilities for privacy-preserving DeFi primitives.

This track invites builders to explore how sensitive logic or parameters can be executed privately inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE), while Uniswap v4 hooks enforce outcomes on-chain.

⭐ Bonus - Bulk Processing & Account Abstraction (cf: Reward section)
Projects that leverage iExec bulk processing feature or/and integrate Account Abstraction may be eligible for an additional $300 prize.

Deliverables
Your submission must include the following:

A public GitHub repository with:

Complete, viewable, open-source code.
A README file with clear instructions for installation and usage.
Comprehensive documentation for setting up, deploying, and using the dApp.
A functional front-end for the dApp.

A brief demo video showcasing your dApp's functionality.

Ensure originality and respect intellectual property rights.

Specify any existing work and what was done during the hackathon if integrating iExec dev tools into an existing project.

Note: iExec reserves the right to withhold bounties for submissions that do not meet these criteria or track specifications. The bounty prize will also cover hosting costs for the dApp for one year.

Evaluation Criteria
⭐ ⭐Your project must be deployed on Sepolia Arbitrum or Arbitrum

⭐ ⭐You have to provide some feedback about the iExec tools with a feedback.md doc directly in your github repository

⭐ Technical implementation: How well does confidential Defi project leverage iExec privacy tools

⭐ Real world use case: Does your project solve a significant problem in Defi space

⭐ Code quality: Is the code well-written and maintainable (considering time constraints)?

⭐ UX: Is the application user-friendly and intuitive?

Technical support
For support, please ask your questions in our dedicated Discord hackathon channel: #:ordinateur:│hack4privacy-hackathon.

If the answer is available in the knowledge base, a bot will respond directly. We will also provide answers in this channel.

If you want to keep your question confidential, please use the channel #:ticket:│tech-support-ticket to create a support ticket, and we will respond to you privately.

Additionally, we have a chatbot available in the bottom right corner of our documentation here to open a chat and create a ticket. Don’t hesitate to reach out if you need assistance!

🔴 Important
You don’t need any tokens to use our tools
We are on a Sepolia Arbitrum please find the Faucet link HERE for the fees
We are EVM-compatible
Developer Resources
You’ll find every useful links below

https://linktr.ee/iexec.tech

We'll have team members available throughout the hackathon to assist you. Don't hesitate to reach out with any questions or concerns!